save the monsters are very welcome
to another video and this time it's personal
I want to bring it to you, I do not know if it's
a serial harry potter series so it is
I want to do the following already seen in
title is attacking the first village I
see here ok even understood then if you
not attack 16 16 or attack
So let's see what's going to happen to me.
goal is to give simple between staff
if I do not go down percent
It happens that I do not know, I do not know.
If you can leave the comments in
tip probing 5% schumi not be a challenge
It was there as well
I only know that I can make no more beauty.
so I think it 's the purpose of this video
is to attack the first village there that I
find I'm here to slap a golem
washer-dryer our is yet
goal is goal
gunilla aaa is this the staff a
goal in two leads to 10 marlos and 18
balloons because of the exchange taking nothing
my spell are three of the innocent and the
2d version number went after
precipitation and a cure and let's
Let's go then if you want to leave a
challenge without washing something at home
not 100% can leave beauty then
untie the sticker
taking the staff so let's go then
click on attack or click here search
from the active listening draw that the
vevo see how this the first village mich
easy kid easy to steal here
playing in the water is not in the gogó
release the expense is to come back here and we'll see
how to attack a museum that they
have troops in the khan castle
I do is with a little balloon here O
little balloon here
It was my core with a balloon over there.
that defense step soon a balloon one
dragon there is her problem do not bring the
People kill like that. So stay, so play.
here is country
just I hope to have a good wine range to
dragon came only now to take their power away
in the Amazon the small opt I can
She will give 3 and destroy her.
Then you start the attack with one side here.
Furthermore here have been playing those and
those little balloons here were coming after
precipitation to precipitate all play
Here boy was already linked to the right
so to do some damage here
Then there was the other was here.
need that fury that I do not think is
That's when the attack will take 9 hours.
receive 85 percent of the living there still
do not insert the young man can leave more
no troop has 1 minute 25
the pt
there he was already in the center
there in the lec cláudio zerbo unit of the
spider man hero died
Queen Bugre died face to collection
come on come on come on people or
not that shit that consultant 55 ever
It always always rolls so the first one
Since sought always leads to balloon 18
four landmarks never design that more
troops in the fool to invent enough
troops, I'm going to do what I do
I 'll do
making the next personal attack
these troops that you are seeing
order then I like the video
I can do this video also in this
series troops would be nice too
troops for example smoking would be well
cool
leave in the comments suggestions and case
I can not do it for you.
I do not know anyone, so it 's more personal, I'm going
Staying here this time is serious now.
and thanks